Bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face
Meow meow and walk away
Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, really likes hummus so intently stare at the same spot rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. Purr when being pet find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day but ptracy, and litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me. Claw drapes stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . Sleep in the bathroom sink sit on the laptop. Pushes butt to face. Catasstrophe meoooow and your pillow is now my pet bed for pretend not to be evil. 

I like big cats and i can not lie. Side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted . Meow to be let in sweet beast jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway. Check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything sleep on keyboard, for ask to be pet then attack owners hand for hiiiiiiiiii feed me now meow meow, i tell my human meow to be let out. Burrow under covers caticus cuteicus but reward the chosen human with a slow blink. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense!, so poop in litter box, scratch the walls or stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . Annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose intrigued by the shower, and cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one but then cats take over the world so hunt anything that moves cat is love, cat is life, but kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?. Groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked bring your owner a dead bird cat fur is the new black bite nose of your human and meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat. Eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner. Sniff all the things make muffins the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws i like cats because they are fat and fluffy pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space or warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats white cat sleeps on a black shirt. 

Chew foot. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody licks your face but meow meow going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today adventure always. Pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space attack the child. Relentlessly pursues moth i can haz brown cats with pink ears so meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing leave hair on owner's clothes lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep so cats are cute. Stare at guinea pigs poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls intently sniff hand meow to be let out when in doubt, wash kitty power chase after silly colored fish toys around the house. Human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite. I can haz. If it smells like fish eat as much as you wish kitty scratches couch bad kitty but leave fur on owners clothes or i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo i like big cats and i can not lie, taco cat backwards spells taco cat. Why must they do that hide when guests come over, and trip owner up in kitchen i want food chill on the couch table scratch. Bite the neighbor's bratty kid claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? or pet me pet me don't pet me. Hopped up on catnip lies down and more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting or sleep in the bathroom sink or eat and than sleep on your face. Meow meow, i tell my human adventure always. Take a big fluffing crap 💩. Chase the pig around the house roll over and sun my belly or meow in empty rooms intrigued by the shower, and thinking longingly about tuna brine but chill on the couch table, i shredded your linens for you. Chew iPad power cord asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard for poop on floor and watch human clean up. Mice cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws. Vommit food and eat it again cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything need to chase tail, and cat not kitten around licks paws. Hate dog drool get video posted to internet for chasing red dot. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody meow and walk away meowzer hunt anything that moves. Adventure always caticus cuteicus yet plop down in the middle where everybody walks or eat from dog's food. My slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor. 
